Add component styling and TypeScript API changes to upgrade guide (#1099)
vaadin/docs: articles/upgrading/flow/_20-21.adoc

[discrete]
===== Positive tabindex no longer supported on input fields

> Setting the tabindex attribute to a value > 0 (e.g. through `setTabIndex(10);` is no longer supported on input field components. Tabindex values of 0 and -1 are still supported, however.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the tabindex attribute to a value > 0 (for example, by calling [methodname]#setTabIndex(10)#) is no longer supported on input field components.
However, tabindex values of 0 and -1 are still supported.
```
